good morning I'm simone maltagliati ct brand manager
we are here thunder
this beautiful said today on TV
marathon carbon own site
this specific mounting contact though
and see what the technical characteristics are
all this evening and I complained replaced palate photo photo
resistance
therefore, the sick races are dedicated beaver
from competitions the fashion competitions by
also good to talk abroad
trekbikes
frame entirely monocoque is called the front triangle are lacing
rear
a frame much said that in life
let's make love of
friendship is the hi-fi system. it is a one of a system that
practically completely isolates bottom bracket from
of the rest of the frame and therefore also from the let's say from all that
rear triangle biggest advantage of this system
first of all the fact that you say it
- suffers from the let's say of the fadalto http editorial of the chain in
cushioning phases us this
this feature from
hahaha big advantages in terms of
to facilitate you ride downhill but also in meadows and bets on the plains and
even if elided
when we plant the beast we say so negative effects
I'm there for you instead
stardoll full suspension actresses
then with regards to the shock absorber this bicycle for
fox rp23
in your case of the sun system
we are available to different professors and then the games law
the art. I saw making love sweat from the happy open position
down to are wonderful